Draft a page for probiotics intervention in neonatal model (#1608)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/models/intervention_models/neonatal/probiotics_intervention.rst

.. _intervention_neonatal_probiotics:

=============================================
Probiotics for treating bacterial infections
=============================================

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 1

.. list-table:: Abbreviations
  :widths: 15 15 15
  :header-rows: 1

  * - Abbreviation
    - Definition
    - Note
  * - BEmONC
    - Basic emergency obstetric and neonatal care
    - Operationalized as facilities without C-section capabilities
  * - CEmONC
    - Comprehensive emergency obstetric and neonatal care
    - Operationalized as facilities with capabilities to perform  C-section
  * - PAF
    - Population Attributable Fraction
    - 

Intervention Overview
-----------------------

> Probiotics are used to prevent bacterial infections in neonates, reducing the risk mortality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Probiotics might be used to prevent bacterial infections in neonates, reducing the risk mortality.
```

- We assume that the delivery facility is also the facility where a sick neonate will seek care for sepsis
- We assume that the relative risk of sepsis mortality with probiotics in practice is a value that we can find in the literature
- We have excluded the effect of probiotics on pneumonia mortality, because this cause is currently lumped with 'other causes'

Validation and Verification Criteria
------------------------------------

- Population-level mortality rate should be the same as when this intervention is not included in the model
- The ratio of sepsis deaths per birth among those without probiotics access divided by those with probiotics access should equal the relative risk parameter used in the model
- The baseline coverage of probiotics in each facility type should match the values in the artifact
- Validation: how does the sepsis moratlity rate in a counterfactual scenario with 100% probiotic access compare to sepsis mortality rates in high-income countries?  They should be close, and the counterfactual should not be lower.

References
------------

* https://chatgpt.com/share/67c1c7cf-f294-8010-8e65-261f87039e3b

> * https://chatgpt.com/share/67c1c7f9-8230-8010-9ade-30ed07b06bd0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
